---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mongodb_replicaset Resource - terraform-provider-mongodb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  **IMPORTANT: Updating members in a replica set can currently only add/change
  members one at a time. This functionality will be improved, but to avoid errors - add/change
  members in an existing replica set one at a time. This does not apply to the first creation of
  a replica set, when first created you can specify an arbitrary number of members**
---

# mongodb_replicaset (Resource)

> **IMPORTANT: Updating members in a replica set can currently only add/change
> members one at a time. This functionality will be improved, but to avoid errors - add/change
> members in an existing replica set one at a time. This does not apply to the first creation of
> a replica set, when first created you can specify an arbitrary number of members**



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `members` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `name` (String) The name of the replica set to create.

### Optional

- `protocol_version` (Number) The protocol version of the replica set.
- `settings` (Attributes) The replica set settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `write_concern_majority_journal_default` (Boolean) Whether to use majority write concern with journaling by default.

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Required:

- `host` (String) The host of the replica set member.
- `id` (Number) The id of the replica set member.

Optional:

- `arbiter_only` (Boolean) Whether the replica set member is an arbiter only.
- `build_indexes` (Boolean) Whether the replica set member should build indexes.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Whether the replica set member is hidden.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the replica set member.
- `secondary_delay_secs` (Number) The delay of the replica set member.
- `votes` (Number) The number of votes of the replica set member.


<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `catch_up_takeover_delay_millis` (Number) Delay before catch-up takeover
- `catch_up_timeout_millis` (Number) Timeout for catch-up operations (-1 for infinite)
- `chaining_allowed` (Boolean) Whether to allow chaining of secondary replication
- `election_timeout_millis` (Number) Timeout for elections
- `get_last_error_defaults` (Attributes) Default error handling settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--get_last_error_defaults))
- `heartbeat_interval_millis` (Number) Frequency of heartbeats between members
- `heartbeat_timeout_secs` (Number) Timeout for heartbeat responses

<a id="nestedatt--settings--get_last_error_defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.get_last_error_defaults`

Optional:

- `w` (Number) Write concern value
- `wtimeout` (Number) Write concern timeout
